hey guys to keep it here and today I
have another keeping chem test central
video for all of you let me straight
into the contests best in the world of
the contest at em's April nineteenth it
is a comment contest and the prize is
fifteen dollars two cubes easy Michael 1
2 3 4 to 5 2 is having a contest that is
us only an ends april nineteen it is an
advertisement video thing so go check
out his video from when fro on that and
the friends is a puzzle ball cubing
channels having contests that ends april
twentieth and it's a common contest and
the prizes are more yuliang a
57-millimeter games three and fifteen
dollars to the cubicle us-cuba girl is
having contests that ends april 25th it
is a common contest and the prize is
five dollars to eat or a cube store
crazy humor is having contests that ends
in 426 it is a common contest and the
prize is ten dollars to the e3 cubes for
Neville huber is having a contest that
adds April thirtieth it is a comment
contest and the prizes are five dollars
and ten dollars III cubes or frost cuber
has a contest that ends April thirtieth
it is a common contest and the prizes
are five dollars ten dollars and fifteen
dollars to e3 cubes or quad cuba is
having a contest and April thirtieth as
a comment and video contest and the
prices are five dollars to each of cubes
or end the teddy bear caliber Qbert is
having a contest at em's April thirtieth
it is a comment contest and the prizes
or more you Diana and I think she cheats
want to buy to ninja cubing is having a
contest that ends April thirtieth it is
a common contest on the prize five
dollars to e to the cubes or hashtag
keyboard is having a contest at em's
nation may third it is a common contest
and the prize is fifteen dollars to the
cable about us a iolo s cubing is having
a contest that is North America only and
it ends May sixth it is a video contest
and the prize is a primary color more
you die imma ninja cubing is having
another contest and it ends when it's
next giveaway is out not sure of the
date so act fast and enter ASAP it is
common contest and the prize is a really
cool cubing intro matic Eber and dem
cubes will both be having a contest at
50 subscribers so go ahead get there so
that they get hold the contest for all
of you now on to the results kion cubes
still does not have his results out
cubing all the way the winner of his
contest was Cole Sweeney and you were a
yellow cube for you three bit through by
52 just for the Starks
winners were mega sea world who went ten
dollars to the table without us ashrey
Mahesh I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing
that right you want fifteen dollars to
the hilt about us and then you're
keeping one twenty dollars to the cubic
without us ultimate jg cubing his
contest does not have the results out
yet and also LG cuba does not have his
fun test results out yet if any of you
are interested in holding your own
contest and it involves randomly
choosing a comment i recommend using the
link in the description there are all
the contests i know of at the moment
affiliate you are holding your own
contest please PM beats guide message me
or email me the contest video link the
end date and the prizes you must be
subscribed to me if you want your
contest today featured in a Cuban
contest central video you have any
questions feedback or suggestions and
how I can improve the series please let
me know what the tums below please leave
a like and read those different from all
the links of the contests amounts in
this video and also the one or more
winners this video's letters are THC
read the description if you were
confused about what these letters are
for this comes in Q bugs can use on
another description as well I hope you
all enjoy it thanks for watching frankly
my hair I don't give a damn